tomf0333
315962597
tom feldboy

Description :
	made the game asteroids from Classes in a passive programming way.
	the classes that are used:
	
	Ship - 
		stores the attributes (location, speed, radius) of the ship that the
		player controls in the game.
	
	Asteroid - 
		stores the attributes (location, speed, radius, size) of the asteroids
		which move around the screen and need to be destroyed.
		also has a function to see if anything is close to it (for torpedo
		hits or colisions with the main ship)
	
	Torpedo - 
		stores the attributes (location, speed, radius, life) of the torpedoes
		that the main ship fires to destroy the asteroids.

worked with : the screen.py file

used websites : none

specail comments: 
	the special shot description:
		my special shot is a split shot, it makes a normal torpedo with a flag
		that marks it as special and then splits all the special torpedoes
		each into two others in slightly different directions (including the
		first torpedo)
		basicaly if you're moving fast enough or there are enough asteroids
		then it tears them all up.

	the 3 different routs i could have taken:
		the bonus - i thought about making the bonus shot in a different class
			but that just seemed to cause problems and in the end i didnt have
			enough time to make it work so i dropped it and made the special
			in the main class.
			
			i still think it should be in a different class that inherits all
			the atributes from the torpedo class, even though we werent taught
			that way of OOP yet.
		
		the gets of the objects - at first i thought of making each different
			class have different gets and sets because i thought it would be
			more unique and easier for code reading.
			
			in the end i realized that if i made every object have the same
			gets and sets (in their own atrributes) then i could call each ones
			gets and sets before establishing their class.
			in this way i made all the move of the objects in a static function
			outside of the main class which was a lot more easy.
			
		random function - i made a function that returns a random location
			it was supposed to work for every object which i think is an easier
			way of working, but again i had problems with it and because of
			time constraints had to turn it into two functions instead.